What is Version Control?
    Version control systems are tools that manage changes made to files and directories in a 
    project. They allow you to keep track of what you did when, undo any changes you decide 
    you don't want, and collaborate at scale with others. This cheat sheet focuses on one of the 
    most popular one, Git. 

KEY DEFINITIONS:-
    Basic definition
        Local repo or repository: A local directory containing code and files for the projec
        Remote repository: An online version of the local repository hosted on services like GitHub, GitLab, and BitBucke
        Cloning: The act of making a clone or copy of a repository in a new director
        Commit: A snapshot of the project you can come back t
        Branch: A copy of the project used for working in an isolated environment without affecting the main projec
        Git merge: The process of combining two branches together
    More advanced definition
        .gitignore file: A file that lists other files you want git not to track (e.g. large data folders, private info, and any local 
        files that shouldn’t be seen by the public.
        Staging area: a cache that holds changes you want to commit next
        Git stash: another type of cache that holds unwanted changes you may want to come back late
        Commit ID or hash: a unique identifier for each commit, used for switching to different save points.
        HEAD (always capitalized letters): a reference name for the latest commit, to save you having to type Commit IDs. 
        HEAD~n syntax is used to refer to older commits (e.g. HEAD~2 refers to the second-to-last commit)


What is a Branch?
    Branches are special “copies” of the code base which allow you to work on different parts of a project 
    and new features in an isolated environment. Changes made to the files in a branch won’t affect the 
    “main branch” which is the main project development channel.

IMPORTANT COMMANDS:-
    `git reset`
    The git reset command in Git is used to undo changes by moving the current branch's HEAD pointer to a different commit. 
    It offers various options that determine how the staging area (index) and the working directory are affected.